Here are assignment details - 
```
Electricity Sector Data Integration & Augmentation
COMP5339 Project Assignment 1
In this assignment, your team will acquire, integrate and augment electricity sector emissions and
generation data from the Australian National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting website, and
integrate it with Census data from the ABS. The project aims to provide practical experience in
core data engineering skills, including data retrieval, integration, cleaning, transformation, storage,
and visualisation.
This is a group assignment, comprising teams of 2 to 3 students. The groups formed in
Assignment 1 will remain the same for Assignment 2, which will build on Assignment 1.
These two assignments represent two stages with separate submissions:
• Stage 1 (Week 8): Submit your Stage 1 report & code by 23:59, Friday 24 April.
• Stage 2 (Week 13): The instructions for Assignment 2 will be provided later. All submissions
will undergo plagiarism checks.
Assignment 1 Tasks
This Assignment 1 focuses on acquiring and integrating static datasets on electric energy production
and emissions in Australia for historical data and trend analysis. Your team needs to develop
Python programs to complete the following tasks:
1. Data Acquisition
Retrieve the following datasets:
• The electricity sector emissions and generation data for the last ten years (2014 to
2024) from the National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting (NGER) website
(https://data.cer.gov.au/datasets/NGER/ID0243),
• Data about the large-scale renewable power stations from the Clean Energy Regulator
(https://cer.gov.au/markets/reports-and-data/large-scale-renewable-energy-data); and
• Recent data from the Australian Bureau of Statistics (ABS) Data by Regions portal
(https://www.abs.gov.au/methodologies/data-region-methodology/2011-24#datadownloads). Here you have a choice: Out of the data cubes present in ABS, select
either ‘population and people’ or ‘economy and industry’ datasets for your analysis
and integrate it.
2. Data Integration and Cleaning
Combine the retrieved data into a single, consolidated database. During this process, you may
need to clean and pre-process the data to ensure consistency and reliability. Tasks may include
handling missing values, converting data types, and filtering out irrelevant or inconsistent
data.
3. Data Augmentation
Augment your integrated dataset of large-scale power stations with their geo-coordinates by
programmatically querying a public geocoding API (such as Google Maps or
OpenStreetMap/Nominatim) for all energy facilities. Document methods and API usage.
4. Data Transformation and Storage
Transform the processed and augmented data into a structured format suitable for analysis and
visualisation. Specifically, you should
• Design a suitable database schema for storage in a database, and
• Implement this schema and store your data in either DuckDB or PostgreSQL.
Whichever system you choose to install, make sure you include the spatial extensions
so that we can run some spatial queries in Assignment 2. This should be
straightforward for DuckDB, but when choosing PostgreSQL, make sure PostGIS is
included in the chosen install package.
Important Note: Clearly justify your database design decisions (e.g., normalised or denormalised schema) in your project report. If your group encounters significant difficulties
working with a database, you may alternatively store your data in separate CSV files; however,
choosing CSV storage will result in a mark penalty.
5. Documentation and Reporting
Maintain detailed documentation throughout your project workflow. Your final report should
clearly summarise your methods for data retrieval, integration, cleaning, augmentation, and
transformation. Specifically:
• Highlight key insights and findings.
• Describe challenges encountered and how you overcame them.
• Provide recommendations for future improvements.
Deliverables
Submit the following three files via Canvas:
1. Python files (.py or .ipynb)
• Consolidate your Python scripts or Jupyter notebooks into as few files as possible.
• You may also submit the additional dataset you obtained in Data Augmentation as a
.txt file if retrieving it is time-consuming.
2. requirements.txt file
• Include a requirements.txt file listing all Python packages required to run your
program within a clean Python virtual environment.
3. Project Report (.pdf)
• Provide a clearly structured report of up to 5 pages (with optional additional
appendix); single column, 11 pt font size, Times New Roman, with single-line spacing.
There is no fixed word limit, and it will be considered under these settings. 
• Recommended sections include, but are not limited to:
• Dataset Description: Explain your data retrieval and preprocessing methods.
• Data Exploration: Describe key exploration activities and findings, including at least
one data visualisation such as a bar-chart or a map visualisation of one chosen aspect
of the dataset.
• Data Augmentation: Identify additional web APIs or data sources used, describe how
you accessed these APIs and/or datasets, and justify their relevance.
• Database Design: Provide a clear diagram of your database schema and justify your
design choices.
• Your report must include a short paragraph not exceeding 100 words, detailing the
contribution of individual team members, for example:
• AXX: Led data collection and preprocessing, …
• BXX: Developed the data model …
• …
Submission Deadline
All Assignment 1 deliverables are due by 23:59, Friday, 24 April. Late submissions will incur
penalties in accordance with university policy.
Group Member Participation and Marking
This is a group assignment. Please declare the level of participation of each team member as part of
your report (see ‘Deliverables’ above), but also note that the mark awarded for your assignment is
conditional on you being able to explain any of your answers to your tutor or the lecturer if asked.
If your group is experiencing difficulties with the content, you should ask on Ed (use a private post
if you need to discuss code or report writing directly).
Level of contribution Proportion of group mark received
No participation. 0%
Minor contributor with at least some understanding
of the group submission.
50%
Major contributor to the group's submission; every
student can include 100% if equally contributed.
100%
```

Marking rubric - 
Data Acquisition. Full marks: NGER, CER and ABS data correctly programmatically retrieved using Web Scraping and/or APls.
Data Integration & Cleaning. Full marks: Data from multiple files cleanly integrated and thoroughly cleaned; issues well-handled.
Data Augmentation. Full marks: Geo-locations added via Web-API calls with clear documentation and good matching quality.
Data Transformation & Storage. Full marks: Data schema well-designed and implemented in DuckDB or PostgreSQL; strong justification of design choices.
Report Structure & Quality. Full marks: Report is comprehensive, clearly written, well-structured; schema diagrams included.
Code Quality & Documentation. Full marks: Python code is well-organized, clean, modular; includes comments.